Add Parachain Grafana dashboards (#4578)
paritytech/polkadot: grafana/README.md

# Do I need this ?

Polkadot nodes collect and produce Prometheus metrics and logs. These include health, performance and debug 
information such as last finalized block, height of the chain, and many other deeper implementation details 
of the Polkadot/Substrate node subsystems. These are crucial pieces of information that one needs to successfully 
monitor the liveliness and performance of a network and its validators.

# How does it work ?

Just import the dashboard JSON files from this folder in your Grafana installation. All dashboards are grouped in 

> folder percategory (like for example `parachains`). The files have been created by Grafana export functionality and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folder per category (like for example `parachains`). The files have been created by Grafana export functionality and
```
